README.md, before:


![Banner](.github/banner.jpg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/0xPolygon/polygon-edge/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg?token=PXEADRC1IW)](https://codecov.io/gh/0xPolygon/polygon-edge)
## Polygon Edge

Polygon Edge is a modular and extensible framework for building Ethereum-compatible blockchain networks.

To find out more about Polygon, visit the [official website](https://polygon.technology/).

WARNING: This is a work in progress so architectural changes may happen in the future. The code has not been audited yet, so please contact [Polygon Edge team](mailto:edge@polygon.technology) if you would like to use it in production.

## Documentation 📝

If you'd like to learn more about the Polygon Edge, how it works and how you can use it for your project,
please check out the **[Polygon Edge Documentation](https://docs.polygon.technology/docs/edge/overview/)**.

---

Copyright 2022 Polygon Technology

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

[WRC-355] Update CI workflows (#2)
* update workflows

* updated github.com/0xPolygon/polygon-edge with github.com/LaChain/polygon-edge

* added release info to readme

* updated goreleaser using docker username env as organization in dockerhub

README.md, after:

![Banner](.github/banner.jpg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/LaChain/polygon-edge/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg?token=PXEADRC1IW)](https://codecov.io/gh/LaChain/polygon-edge)

## Polygon Edge

Polygon Edge is a modular and extensible framework for building Ethereum-compatible blockchain networks.

To find out more about Polygon, visit the [official website](https://polygon.technology/).

WARNING: This is a work in progress so architectural changes may happen in the future. The code has not been audited yet, so please contact [Polygon Edge team](mailto:edge@polygon.technology) if you would like to use it in production.

## Documentation 📝

If you'd like to learn more about the Polygon Edge, how it works and how you can use it for your project,
please check out the **[Polygon Edge Documentation](https://docs.polygon.technology/docs/edge/overview/)**.

---

Copyright 2022 Polygon Technology

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

## Release 🚀

GoReleaser will use the latest Git tag of your repository.

Create a tag and push it to GitHub:

       git tag -a v0.1.0 -m "First release"
       git push origin v0.1.0

This will create a draft release with the corresponding changelog and assets.
